How the Lights are Evolved?
Earlier, artificial light started out as a luxury, and it was expensive. In Babylon in 1750 BC it would cost someone 50 hours of work at the average hourly wage to earn just one hour of reading light. In 1800, 6 hours of work would earn someone 1 hour of light with a tallow candle. Molfino provides you with the best and smart information about the Evolution of Light. In 1880, it would take 15 minutes of work with a kerosene lamp, and 8 seconds of work in 1950 with Thomas Edison’s light bulb. Today, it would only cost you half a second of work to earn an hour of light.

Since the discovery of light, illumination techniques have evolved alongside human civilization. From the ancient fire torches to modern light bulbs, lighting is an integral part of human life. However with the progression in technology, lighting no longer remains a means of lighting up the dark. From the invention of a simple on-off switch, we are now able to adjust brightness, colors and projection range at our fingertips—to effect a desired mood in the surrounding space by our mobile also. Molfino provides you the best, shortest and important information about the Evolution of light. This is why, as a global leader in lighting technology, we believe that lighting is possibly the quickest and most powerful way to evoke moods. Here at Signify (previously Philips lighting design lab), we are inspired to study the depth of this connection.

Nowadays,there are many different types of lights available after the evolution of Lights. The different types of lights are as follows:

Natural Lightings
Candles, Torches and Lamps
Gas Bulbs
Incandescent Bulbs
Fluorescent Tube Lights
CFL Lamp
LED White Light


Natural Lightings
In simple words, natural light is a light which is generated naturally, the common source from the Sun. This is as opposed to artificial light, which is typically produced by electrical appliances such as lamps. Natural light is received during daylight hours and covers the visible spectrum with violet at one end and red at the other. Not only is natural light beneficial for health, wellbeing and a good source of Vitamin D, it is required by plants to carry out photosynthesis. Other sources of natural light include fire and, on clear nights, the moon. Natural light can play an important role in creating a comfortable environment, helping to regulate the body clock, improve concentration and create a calm, tranquil setting. It can reduce the energy consumption of a building compared to artificial light and can also help prevent mold or mildew from developing in buildings since these spores thrive in darkness.
Candles, Torches and Lamps
Until in the 19th century — ironically, on the eve of the light bulb's invention — methods of lighting remained more or less unchanged since earlier antiquity. Three forms of lighting existed, in order of their appearance: torches, lamps, and candles. All of which used animal fat or, in the case of lamps in the most advanced ancient societies, vegetable oil. Thus people thousands of years ago rolled back the darkness, not only of night, but of remote places far from the Sun.When you are thinking about lighting, it’s important to think of three different things: the fuel source, the luminaire, and the technology used to produce visible light. We’ll touch on those three items as we look at the evolution of lighting from its birth to the modern day revolution that is happening with 21st century LED technology.

Gas Bulbs And Incandescent Bulbs:
In 1879, Thomas A. Edison received a patent for the incandescent light bulb. The emission of light from an incandescent bulb is produced from a filament being heated, which contains an inert gas. The filament within the incandescent bulbs is made from tungsten, making the glow more luminous and consumes less energy. Even though Edison is credited with creating the incandescent light bulb, the first signs of continuous electric light were reported as early as 1835. Some theories have surfaced that it was Nikola Tesla who invented the incandescent bulb. Still, there is little to no proof to back up these theories – leaving Edison the victor. “Halogen” can be defined as a group of elements on the periodic table – fluorine, chlorine, bromine, iodine, and astatine. This group of elements is nonmetallic and reactive, forming strong acidic compounds with hydrogen.

Fluorescent Tube Lights, CFL Lamp and LED White Light

Fluorescent light bulbs are a specific type of gas-discharge light (also known as a high intensity discharge, HID, or arc light). CFL is an acronym that stands for compact fluorescent light. Standard fluorescent lights are available in tubes (generally 48 to 84 inches in length). CFLs are much smaller. They are still tubes but they are, as the name implies, “compact.” CFLs were designed to replace standard applications for incandescent bulbs as they are both more efficient and longer lasting. Fluorescent technology has been around for more than 100 years and it generally represents a high efficiency way to provide lighting over a vast area. The lights are much more efficient as well as longer lasting than incandescent bulbs, however, they fail in both categories when compared to LED.


https://www.molfino.in/Home/Index
